content/privacy-policy.md, before:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

# Privacy Policy

## Personal Data Access, Use, and Storage

In order to use the qblint add-on, the add-on must access and process data in your Google Drive™. The qblint add-on only interacts with folders and documents that you choose. Your personal data is processed under your Google™ user credentials and is never transmitted to any outside server or entity. The security and sharing settings for the personal data qblint interacts with are never changed.

The qblint add-on accesses, uses, and stores the following information if you use the style and grammar checker:
* In the Google Drive™ folder you choose, qblint accesses all Google Docs™. No other files in the folder, including Google Sheets™, are accessed. No other files in your Google Drive™ are accessed. The Google Docs™ files are checked for style and grammar locally on your computer and are never transmitted to any outside server or entity.
* In the Google Drive™ folder you choose, qblint stores a JSON file of style and grammar suggestions. No other files are stored in your Google Drive™.
* In a Google Docs™ file you have open, qblint accesses the contents of the file and the associated JSON file in your Google Drive™. No other files in your Google Drive™ are accessed. The contents of your Google Docs™ file are not modified.

All other functions provided by the qblint add-on only access, use, or modify the contents of the Google Docs™ file you have open. The contents of your Google Docs™ file are processed by Apps Script by Google™ on their servers. The contents of your Google Docs™ file are never transmitted to any outside server or entity.

## Personal Information Access and Storage

It is possible that your Google Workspace™ email and profile are automatically logged by the Google Cloud Platform™ service. We do not collect or store any other information, including usage data.

We collect this personal information because the Google Cloud Platform™ service automatically logs certain information when you use an add-on. You provide this information in order to access and use the qblint add-on in Google Workspace™. Your information is securely stored on the Google Cloud Platform™ service. Logs are retained for 30 days before being automatically deleted. We do not share this information.

You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting voightac@gmail.com.

Commit message:

add Google API Services User Data Policy disclosure to privacy-policy.md

content/privacy-policy.md, after:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

# Privacy Policy

## Google API Services User Data Policy

The use of information received from Google APIs by qblint will adhere to [Google API Services User Data Policy](https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy#additional_requirements_for_specific_api_scopes), including the Limited Use requirements. The information received from Google APIs is never communicated to any application, server, or directory outside of the Google Drive™ folder you specify.

## Personal Data Access, Use, and Storage

In order to use the qblint add-on, the add-on must access and process data in your Google Drive™. The qblint add-on only interacts with folders and documents that you choose. Your personal data is processed under your Google™ user credentials and is never transmitted to any outside server or entity. The security and sharing settings for the personal data qblint interacts with are never changed.

The qblint add-on accesses, uses, and stores the following information if you use the style and grammar checker:
* In the Google Drive™ folder you choose, qblint accesses all Google Docs™. No other files in the folder, including Google Sheets™, are accessed. No other files in your Google Drive™ are accessed. The Google Docs™ files are checked for style and grammar locally on your computer and are never transmitted to any outside server or entity.
* In the Google Drive™ folder you choose, qblint stores a JSON file of style and grammar suggestions. No other files are stored in your Google Drive™.
* In a Google Docs™ file you have open, qblint accesses the contents of the file and the associated JSON file in your Google Drive™. No other files in your Google Drive™ are accessed. The contents of your Google Docs™ file are not modified.

All other functions provided by the qblint add-on only access, use, or modify the contents of the Google Docs™ file you have open. The contents of your Google Docs™ file are processed by Apps Script by Google™ on their servers. The contents of your Google Docs™ file are never transmitted to any outside server or entity.

## Personal Information Access and Storage

It is possible that your Google Workspace™ email and profile are automatically logged by the Google Cloud Platform™ service. We do not collect or store any other information, including usage data.

We collect this personal information because the Google Cloud Platform™ service automatically logs certain information when you use an add-on. You provide this information in order to access and use the qblint add-on in Google Workspace™. Your information is securely stored on the Google Cloud Platform™ service. Logs are retained for 30 days before being automatically deleted. We do not share this information.

You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting voightac@gmail.com.
